{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Oracle SQL(login id) - I don\'92t see my student id (login id) on the attached file \
Assignment 1 \
Won Jun Cho\
3263\
1/9/2022\
1/8/2022\
1. What are primary and foreign keys? Explain in detail. What are the implications of using these keys in different tables?\
Primary key is a unique value in a table separated by column. Ex: One line of column in a single table could be primary key. Customer ID - primary key / customer info - table. Foreign key is when referring to primary key in a different table. Ex: Mentioning customer id in a different table, delivery table, is a foreign key, as customer id is a primary key in customer info table. We can link tables to tables by using primary and foreign keys. (Creating relationship between tables)\
2. What is data dictionary? What is it used for?\
It is a table in a database, which keeps informations about inserted values in the database. You can find out the number of tables, index, or where the tables are stored. \
3. What is the significance of creating a column in a table? What is the significance of a row in a table?\
Columns in a table creates a category of data that are stored, which creates patterns in a database. Rows aligned by columns in a table, then results in different set of pattern in a database. Ex. One column holds customer id, second column holds the product, and third column holds the price of the product. Rows created by these columns then will have pattern of information about what customer is buying. Essentially, columns hold data, while rows hold information. \
4. What is referential integrity and how is it used in relational databases for adding, removing and updating rows?\
Referential integrity must not be violated in a relational database, as it will result in a incomplete data (cause trouble). Once linkage is established between tables by primary and secondary keys, you can\'92t add, remove, nor update rows easily. If you were to change primary key in a table, you would also have to change foreign key, corresponding to the primary key that you changed, as it will create undefined data. It also works the same in the other way, changing secondary key will require you to change corresponding primary key. }